long story short I went to a boxing
class it was Friday 1210 we went to that
gym I always pass by but never go to my
friend Jeremy said it'll be fun
dude this be fun I looked at the sacks
there was a guy no it was a girl she
looked at me she smiled next to her was
another girl no it was a guy he looked
at me he didn't smile he came up to me
he said new guy huh I said hi Tommy he
pulled me he said I'm gonna kill you so
hard you're gonna get buried alive I was
scared but I was confused Jeremy said
dude I think we was Lexie he did kind of
look like Bruce Lee might be the eyes
the trainer said oh sure I got down on
the ground I did one push-up two
push-ups three push-ups I pulled my arm
muscle the fake punching man looked at
me the girls started laughing the asian
guy started clapping the trainer started
clapping he said water free I stood in
line I was thirsty really thirsty the
trainer said free awesome I went to the
weights I grabbed fifteen she grabbed 25
I put the 15s back I grabbed 30s a
thirty the asian guy grabbed eighty he
turned to me he said he could eat you so
fast and get away she didn't wake up in
the morning I was scared but I was
confused Jeremy said I think Bruce's got
the hots for you the trainer blew the
whistle
people started lifting I did one run one
rep one run the fake punching man looked
at me the girl started to chuckle the
Asian guy studied his knuckles the
trainer said water I was thirsty I
waited and waited and back oh my god put
your gloves on I put my gloves on the
girl put her gloves on the Asian guy put
his girl then he turned to me he shoved
my face in his armpit it smelled
terrible he said I'm gonna squeaky so
soon you gonna go back to the house he
pushed me back I was scared but I was
confused Jeremy said dude Bruce mr.
Pouncey the trainer said yeah
not Bruce a Bruce not Bruce you awesome
I step in the brain
the girls step in the room she smiled
Jeremy said dude you're gonna beat up a
girl she came up to me she put up her
gloves I put up my gloves she had nice
eyes I have nice eyes we shared a moment
then I'm gonna pounce you she punched me
she punched me again the trainer said oh
I didn't know what those were so she
showed me double jab cross uppercut she
shoved my head in her armpit it smelled
bearable she punched me again she let go
the face punching man looked at me
Jeremy said dude you're gonna get beat
up by a girl no I walked back to the
center of the Ring I put up my gloves I
imagine I got in the stance I imagined I
swung double jab cross opera I knocked
her out
I won the Asian guy looked up at me he
was scared but he was confused the girl
got up she was impressed she said I
imagine we shared a moment she leaned
closer closer closer snap out of it
hey call me sometime dude
ouch good practice Jeremy thanks Bruce
dude I told you she digs you long story
short I went to a boxing class